## Findings
This analysis looked at over 3.5 million data points over a 10 year period to examine patterns in 311 city service requests in Washington, D.C from 2015-2024. I pulled this publicly available data from Open Data DC, which had an annual data set of 311 calls collected by the Office of Unified Communications. I cleaned each data set, but primarily focused on the 2024 data set for my analysis. I chose my timeline, because 2024 was the most recent data set to have a fully updated data set. 

Because the data sets were so large, it made it difficult to combine the data sets together without causing R to shut down. To avoid this, I made sure all of the data sets were included in gitignore, and I split the data sets into very small sections before I combined them. There are NA values found among the zip codes and street addresses, but a user can not clean them out without removing calls from the data set. 

An upside of this data is that it has multiple variables that can present interesting analysis. I looked at service code descriptions, departments, location and time period during my analysis, and there are many more angles that a user could explore this data with. This data allowed for both geographical and time analysis, and let me create detailed data visualizations. 

I spent a while analyzing the most common street a 311 call was made from, but later discovered that the address came from the Office of Unified Communications, which is in charge of the 311 calls. If I was going to analyze this data again, I would filter this address out, and include it in my findings because there was a large amount of data dedicated to this address. A user that is utilizing this data set has a lot of data to work with, but must be able to navigate a larger data set. 
