## Methodology
This analysis examined over 3.5 million 311 city service requests in Washington, D.C. spanning a ten-year period (2015–2024). This data is publicly available and sourced from Open Data DC. I cleaned and reviewed all of the datasets but primarily focused on the 2024 data, as it represents the most recent year with a fully updated and complete dataset.

Because the data sets were so large, it was difficult to combine them together without causing R to shut down. To avoid this, I made sure all of the data sets were included in .gitignore, and I split the data sets into smaller sections before I combined them. There are NA values found among the zip codes and street addresses, but a user can not clean them out without removing requests from the data set. This data set also included multiple columns with redundant information, and columns that only contain NA values. I removed those columns during the cleaning process to ensure that the data set was more readable. 

During my analysis I decided to first explore 2024 data, and then go through the other nine data sets to see if a pattern emerged. Doing this allowed me to explore different aspects of the data quickly, and helped me decide which type of data I wanted to perform a time-period analysis on. I primarily looked at the “top five” most frequent occurrences of different variables, and I used group_by() and count() for this. After I determined my key findings, I made three data visualizations on three different platforms to present my analysis. 

This data set has a multitude of variables that a user can explore, but it is unable to say where the request came from. This would be a helpful addition to the data set as it would make it clear how most residents are putting in their 311 requests. However, if a user is attempting to perform a location, time, or type of request analysis then this data set is well suited for their needs. 

One caveat about this data is that users should disregard the street address “2720 Martin Luther King Ave SE” when it appears in their analysis. This address turns out to be where the Office of Unified Communications is located, which is in charge of 311 service requests. Including this street could greatly skew a user's findings. 

Overall, this data holds great potential for analysis, but needs thoughtful variable selection  and the ability to navigate a large data set. 
